26023 - Mr. Speaker. I wish to take this opportunity to pay tribute to Chuck Stone. a columnist and senior editor of the Philadelphia Daily News. whose varied career has includedservice as an aide to the late Congressman Adam Clayton Powell. as well as experience as an educator and television and radio commentator. Last Monday Mr. Stone negotiated the surrender of. 7 convicts who were holding 38 hostages In the kitchen of Graterford Prison. after they failed In an attempt to escape. The convicts were armed. Their leader. Joseph Bowen. is a man who. at age 35. has spent almost all of his adult life behind bars. In 1974. when Bowen was serving a life sentence for murdering a police officer. he and another inmate fatally stabbed two wardens at Holmesburg Prison. Mr. Stone entered the besieged prison kitchen with Bowens brother after talks between the convicts and State officials had reached an inpasse. He emerged with a list of terms which formed the basis for a peaceful resolution of the crisis. In his Own account. of the experience. Stone wrote: Saturday night. the Governors office had called me and asked If I would be willing to be Involved In negotiations if it could be worked out. I agreed. but why me? The Governors representative explained. "We know about the surrender of murder suspects and escaped prisoners to you. and we think you can be helpful in this situation." -My own philosophy reminded me: "Naked and ye clothed me: I was sick and ye visited me: I was in prison and ye came unto me." Chuck Stone deserves all of the public accolades which he has received. and more. for his successful intervention at Graterford. In undertaking the assignment. he risked his own life In the hope of saving others. His candor in admitting his all too realistic fear for his personal safety only enhances the courageous nature of this act. He also demonstrated great skill and understanding In the role of niediator In an Intense and volatile situation. One cannot do Justice to the man by praising any single accomplishment. however dramatic and significant. without recognizing the qualification which recommended him for the task. and made his success. possible. That qualification Is credibility. Throughout his career. Chuck Stone has fought for justice and compassion. and opposed apathy and indifference to the suffering of others. This record has won him the trust and confidence of all elements of the community. On numerous occasions In the past. accused men and convicts have staked their very lives upon this trust In callIng upon him to arrange their surrender to authorities or to mediate their grievances. This was the reason that such diverse Individuals as the Governor of Pennsylvania and the mother of Joseph Bowen called upon Stone to Intervene at Graterford. Credibility means that a persons word. judgment. integrity. and values are respected and relied upon. It is the highest compliment society can pay to an individual. It was Chuck Stones credibility which led to his Invitation to mediate the Graterford hostage crisis and to his success in that endeavor. It is that s
51871-I thank the gentleman for yielding. I think we might want to talk a little about the spending ratio to the tax ratio as well. I think it is important that we talk about a study done by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York because the case being made for the tax bill here is somehow that we are going to match up spending to taxes and thei spending comes out to a 3to1 margin ahead of the tax increases over a period of 3 years. In fact. the Federal Reserve Bank of New York did a study and found that the ratio of 3 to 1 of spending cuts to taxes is totally fallacious and by their analysis the real ratio is much closer to a 1to1 ratio. I thing It is important to look at that also in terms of what .we are talking about in the spending area. A study by the Chamber of Commerce reveals that when you take a look at spending you will find that we are spending at rates in the new budget resolution at something similar to what was proposed by the Democratic majority in this House earlier this year. If you put those two things together. what it says Is we are raising taxes by the same amount we are cutting spending and we are continuing the spending at levels that are totally acceptable to the majority party in this body. By saying that. we can make the case that the spenders are really in control of this body and probably of the Congress. That is an Important thing for the American people to understand because what it tells me is that of the $228 billion of new revenues that will flow into the Federal. Government over the next 5 years we already have plans to spend all of that money. We are going to find ways to literally spend every dime of that here in Washington. This Is not going to be used to bring down the deficit. This is not going to be used for financial strength across the total of the productive economy.. It Is going to be spent right here. The studies which are now showing that the relationship between spending cuts and tax cuts is nowhere close to the 3to1 margin that is being claimed will also bear out then that what we are going to end up with is feeding the money machine. The spending machine here in Washington is going to get extra food from this tax bill and that is the reason why there is so much enthusiastic support being built into the country in the liberal media among many liberal politicians. They realize that this is an extra pot of money out of which to spend in the years ahead that they would not otherwise have. I think the American people who have said on occasion after occasion that they want this Congress to cut spending. they do not want this Congress to raise taxes. the new Gallop poll out shows that conclusively. We need to reflect on the fact that we are feeding the spending machine. not curtailing it. with this particular tax bill.
14249 - Mr. Spea. the Carter administratiom myself learning about the leftist social activists group being funded by ACTION erment antipoverty ag under the control of Sam recent article in the Wall c nal demonstrates that the I activist movement Is alive California. It is clear that cals. having ultimately. battle in the streets In the and. early 1970s and at t 1980. are now seeking to spectable. They seek to e: munity problems In order t own Ideological ends. I think It would be in ti interest for the media to 1I on the community grasc quests of leftist social acti are now. as ever. a threat t4 Ic values and. as is the case Instances of ideological act are not above exploiting th ic process to reach goalst sentially against democrati this particular case It wou] people of Santa Monica. unwittingly supported a takeover.. At this point I Include In "Santa Monicas Suburbal by James Ring Adams. fro. Street Journal. July 1. 1981

9103 - Mr. Speaker. kaner identity of Heidrik F. Verwoerd. the Mandela with a sense of isolation. Others in a re at e d utchborn Prim Minister who turned "the stuggle" aresuffering more. she intoday~~~~~~~~ Sertr f tt lxne outhAfricas traditional patterns of racial slated. while Brafndfort has .given hera Haig willmeet Iwith South Africas separation:iInto a system and an Ideolod. chance to draw close to blacks who have Foreign Minister Roelof Botlh. - The There are still white and black entrances to had "no other life than in the backyard of Reagan administration has indicated the shops here but Mrs. Manela has con the white man" and who now "are even anthat it intends to develop a new and sistently disdained the signs and no white grier than those in the urban areas because constructive relationship with South has challenged her. In the single siupermar. they aie so deprived." Africa. The administration believes ket. her example helped promote an end to : Every other month. under constant police that such a relationship will produce regated ervice. surveillance.: M. Marndela fies to Cape more results than some of the efforts T tow and- the vivid. selfassured woman Town and then to Robin Island to spend 30 mae nteps.T6ntr fI th tonad evidslAdudwmn minutes with her husband. who is serving* made in tpast. The -nature of the whose small shopping expeditions become a life ienteice. They sit facing each other system of apartheid makes South daily challenge to its racial customs has with heavy soundproof glass in between so Africa one of the worlds pariah states. given rise to resentment among local whites that they haveto talk on the telephone s If the administrations new policies "Im.no longer wanted here by the white though they are separated by only a couple can produce a change in the system of community." Mrs. Mandela- said. "I think of feet.. apartheid. then these policies are to be theyve just had enough."O - Hweer ~~ llh. The. banning .order. that restricts .her to Guards sit on both sides with them. listen. commended. However In rush B dfot expires attheed of i year ing in on extension phones to insure that no toward a policy of constructive engage- and the authorities will then have to decide political intelligence is exchanged. "We can ment -with South Africa. let us not whether to move her.. In the meantime. she only talk about cats and dogs.childrei famforget the plight of those who suffer will have to appear in court on May 25.- as lies. thats all." she said. "Each time for all under the barbail system of apart- she does almost annually. on charges of vio- these years. these 18 yeais. some seiior offiheld. The New York Times. on lylarch lating her ban. These were lodged by a secu* coes rand re ds e o 17.. published an article by. Joseph Le- rity police .sergeant named C~ei.Prlnaloo you remember Mrs. Mandela. that o are lyiveld on the ..baisfhient. of Winnie who -has been - her officialchaperon d not todiscuss anything else outside -your Manciela the wideof Nelson Mandela. nemesis here since the day she arrivedboh familly. We dont want tocut- your visit but aneaderlof the Ari an NalsonMan * viction could resultin aJail sentence. should you mention even a namp we dont a leaderodf the AfricfiiNationalton. "What dIffeefee does it still make?" she know. we shall cut your visit.. They actually gress It is a chilling s
49389 - Mr. President. will the amend that statement provided re- monetary policy. amendment 1996. Senator yield for maybe a clarifying vised outlays are no greater than re- -. next. the Cranston amendment on question? vised receipts. You still want to keep threefifths voting requirement.
970213466 | I would be those outlays within the receipts. I do amendment No. 1989. to be the next pleased to yield. not know any other way you can do It. amendment. and now the Armstrong

9258 - Mr. President. will the have heard. considering the source of versatility -for effective performance in Senator yield for one question? . those bbjections.Every Senator who has varied. scenarios than any other type
970033058 | I yield. spoken against this amendment has my ship. or weapon. in the U.S. Navy.
970033059 | Does the Senator real- total feeling of friendship. as well as I. think reactivation of New Jersey is Ize that the second phase is necessary respect. but I point out some points for justified. I think it is necessary. for the 100 Tomahawks. that this money their consideration. . Charges have been made that the batwill not provide a launching pad for the Mr. President. the Soviets are acutely tieship Is not a modern weapon. It could Tomahawks? aware that dur navaL.forces have been be said neither is the bayonet. or for

57457 - Mr. Sp September 17. 1982. St. Jos cal Center in Burbank. C cated a new 32.204squaregency/cardlac care complex honor of Sister Flora Mary aId. . St Joseph Medical Cente profit charitable institution San Fernando Valleys larg facilitY providing acute car and rehabilitation services. I the new emergency compl doubles the facilitys existi an enhanced trauma servic in Los Angeles County. Sister Flora Mary. is a the Sisters of Providence. pioneering. dedicated wom work produced the very fi and education facilities in west. She came to Burba World War II to supervis struction of a 100bed St. J( pital. Wartime restriction enormous difficulties in much needed materials. hardohips. When the hospi in 1944 Sister Flora Mary se ministrator for 6 years an again as administrator fro 1972. She was also the adi of St. Vincent Hospital ir and chief superior of the S Province of hospitals. sc facilities for the poor. age abled. In 1972. at the age 6 Burbank to be the assistan trator of the Sisters of Hospital in Everett. Wash.. she holds today at age 80. In 1969. Sister Flora Ma the first woman to receiv standing alumni award fro versity of Portland. She Fellow of the American Hospital Administrators an honorary doctoral degree College of Great Falls..Mo work in higher education. H recorded in the National Prominent Americans and ay Coburn In American Women. among numerous nuclear tec s. Tex.. on other achievements. years. 1p covered The cardiac care center is being Says Colir named In Sister Flora Marys honor al Institute e Spirit of because during her administration. she octe Who ger 2. helped establish the areas first inten- about closel he courage sive and cardia4 care units and open Ignation of these two heart surgery service. It is the first system aI of Texas time a living hospital administrator in basing. Is th moved the California has received this type of Ing ICBM ca s amazing honor. "Youre ta d circling I ask the Members to join me in sa- hours of su luting Sister Flora Mary for a lifetime mistic." adch of extraordinary service and to Among o1 CETRcongratulate the Sisters of Providence rae WIes CENTERMXaeW CARDIAC and the St. Joseph Medical Center on derreretani MED IN the establishment of their impressive retired Adn FOA new facility.9 of the Natic FLORA tegic plann Brent Scow THE DENSEPACK DEBATE to former] MAN tired Amy HON. FORTNEY H. (PETE) STARK head of the
6830 - Mr. Speaker. the Lockhart Elementary School. in the 18th Congressional District of Houston. is in support of making Dr. Martin Luther Kings birthday. January 15. a national holiday. Dr. King was one of our foremost advocates of human rights and certainly. in my opinion. deserves this national recognition. Therefore. I am very proud to have these following names in support of a national holiday: TeacherMs. Cole Tanaya Bishop Javier Tajada Monashlee Brown Jeane Taylor Gregory Carroll Joe Whylie Thomas McGarity Gregory Woods Stephen Stevenson TeacherMs. Blair Reginald Andrews Philesia Blain Remus Brown Vanessa Bruton Marcus Carpenter Bernard Carston Raynold Dudley Derrick Gatlin Roshonda Glover Anthony James Shonda Jenkins Eugene Johnson Tracy Parker Charla Payton Charles Terry Shante Walker Theodore Watson Cedric Ennett Fransha Chambers Eyvonne Lewis TeacherMs. Jones Kirk Chappel Frank Cooper Richard Davis Danny Doss Earnest Garner Richard Harleston La Tonya Hilliard Toseph Jackson Toni Jackson Barri Johnson Eric Knox Jeanine Lewis Chreris Murphy Gus Paige Tonya Phillip Aubrey Rhodes Nicky Sowell Felicia Spencer Sedrick Starks Donnie Tealer Marcus Shelby Latacia Hayes TeacherMs. Coleman Robert Briscoe Alice Jones Jeral Clark Leonard Murphy Larry Ganey Anthony Nichols Shonda Godfrey Larissa Smith Antwain Harps Sycina Townsend Everett Haven Charles High Roynell Bi Willie Cole TeacherMs. Crystal shop Sean Robertson man Carlos Rodgers VIRGINIA (9) Gregory Hightower Latasha Rogers Albert Allred. William Davis. Earl Derry- Deandra Holland Ignatious Shelby berry Jr.. Leonard Haymaker. Jessie Donna Huf Lareisha Terry Hunter. Wayne Milchin. Kenneth Matherly. Theordora McDowell Toby Thomas Samuel Rahman. Otis Webb. Angela Moore Hyman Walker WASHINGTON (10) Veronica Moore Lafonda White Terry Dolan. Emery Buford. John Fletch- Rodney Nichols Patricie Williams er. Anthony Glover. Vanessa Kelley. Mi. Richard Norman Calvin Lewis chael Palmer. Jeffrey Prather. Douglas Cornell Porter Prottengeler. Robert Scott. Donald Waring. TeacherMs. Hughes WEST VIRGINIA (4) Norma Ammon Sedrick Collins Jackie Grubb. Billy Hall. Floyd Johnson. Courtney Boutte Kirk Fisher James Osburn. Joseph Cezar Rhonda Godfrey Kayla Hamilton Keita Hargrove Derek Hemanes Qualin Holden Zella Howard Bubba James Ronald Jones Edward Lee Marc Manuel TeacherMs. McCowen Timothy Alexander Dartagnan Hill Albert Bass Shemetra Jenkins Michelle Butler Lakisha Johnson Royst Byrd Fenyang Lowe Eric Chizer John Mattox Lashonda Clemons Kahn McCowan Stevie Davis Dishia Porter Jimmy Dixon La Donna Rosette Leah Evans Bridgett Sharpe Rodney Paulwell Roshanda Story Geno Freeman Monique Thompson Kechler Glenn Monica West Tamera Grant Daemon White Ivory Harris Curtis Williams TeacherMs. Green Broderick Barrett John Jones Dwayne Busby Winfred Kerr Kent Chaplee Donaletty Mims Zelda Coleman Cynthia Pennamon Jacquelin Cooper Kedrich Randolph Jeranine Fulton Jacquelyn Rogers Christopher Glover Patrice Sims Ronnie Harris Kerstle Spears Mark Holliday Lanetrice Webb Anthony Hunter Steffanie Hamilton Angela Jackson Charles Fields Felecia James Kevin Williams TeacherMs. Henry Cecil Adams Frederick Noland 0. Carpenter Osby Phillips Kimberly Chappell Wendell Raven Suwan Clemons Melinda Sergent Prytrall Davis Tol Shelton Ned Evans Kevin Staves Tiffanie Foster Anthony Tillis Deray Harleston Tonya Walk
9335 - 1K. Speker. I an rom a nomio effects onithe overall program cal district pt. 3C percent senior citizens took a back seat. Too often. profes. Wr nearly.jour tixq tube titonal .ave- alonat politicieana.chose whak. was-. paally Popularthe shortterm bene beca me the primary Interest. This of policy cannot continue with al security or. for that matter. in Government decisionmaking. you kzow. Members of Congress their staffs are covered under a eral retirement plan and are not jeot to social security taxes. Cons created the social security em and we should not be exempt m it. If we are a part of the system. elieve we will move quickly to ree the financial problems of the gram.

29789 - ell Mr.Hum. te oher Mr. Looayi. Well. ifyou would spin that side OFFY htthug. is. peope. may wathto out a little but. what can be done totake ackiepf thir onh sos oute ofall oftat bto count of. the Protestant tradition? What kee thir wn onsoutof ll f tatbutshould be done? you were speaking earlier about the support Mr. Humv. Well. I think we have to make In Britain for the status quo and the Protes- it verycerfl hs wown osea tant dominance. and so on. roding. and the ygee clear. all the wo wfIan theean consensus shifting toward a settlement andagedIlndththesrofrlndht ~ ~.were talking about is an Ireland which. is so on.pluralist. Is an Ireland which has got diver. What. except for the violence. which one sity and. which values diversity. Its not an doesnt want to condone or endorse. but Ireland where were Seeking to conform to Isnt it a fact that the ten years of violence one point of view. And Ireland In which the You spoke of have very principally and different troations. the different religious largely contributed to the change of opinion beliefs and the different. beliefs of all deIn Britain? Arent they just fed up with the scriptoqs are. In fact. adequately protected place now? -in the constitution.and that there Is anade-

